docs/source/cli_controller.md, before:

# CLI Controller

This module is used to help with CLI commands.

## Create

The create function is used to create a new task. There will be a prompt in the terminal for a 'name' and 'date'. A UUID will be generated for the task. These values get passed into the adding_content function to add it to the existing tasks.


## View

This function is used to view existing tasks. It uses the view_tasks function to print the UUID, name and data of the tasks.

## Edit

The edit function allows you to edit existing tasks. It will prompt for an id(the UUID of the task you want to edit), field_name(The field you want to edit eg. name or date) and value (The new value you want to replace it with). It wont allow you to edit the id of a task, neither edit a field that does not exist.

```python
>>> from todo_cli.cli.cli_controller import edit
>>> edit('abcd1234', 'name', 'Run')
None
```

```python
>>> from todo_cli.cli.cli_controller import edit
>>> edit('abcd1234', 'id', 'Run')
Invalid field. The id can not be edited.
```

```python
>>> from todo_cli.cli.cli_controller import edit
>>> edit('abcd1234', 'Hello', 'Run')
That field does not exist! Please select a valid field to edit.
```

## Adding content

This function works with the create function to add new tasks to tasks.json file.

Commit message:

Added Priority field to tasks

docs/source/cli_controller.md, after:

# CLI Controller

This module is used to help with CLI commands.

## Create

The create function is used to create a new task. There will be a prompt in the terminal for a 'name', 'date' and 'priority_field'. A UUID will be generated for the task. These values get passed into the adding_content function to add it to the existing tasks.


## View

This function is used to view existing tasks. It uses the view_tasks function to print the UUID, name and data of the tasks.

## Edit

The edit function allows you to edit existing tasks. It will prompt for an id(the UUID of the task you want to edit), field_name(The field you want to edit eg. name or date) and value (The new value you want to replace it with). It wont allow you to edit the id of a task, neither edit a field that does not exist.

```python
>>> from todo_cli.cli.cli_controller import edit
>>> edit('abcd1234', 'name', 'Run', 'Low')
None
```

```python
>>> from todo_cli.cli.cli_controller import edit
>>> edit('abcd1234', 'id', 'Run', 'Low')
Invalid field. The id can not be edited.
```

```python
>>> from todo_cli.cli.cli_controller import edit
>>> edit('abcd1234', 'Hello', 'Run', 'Low')
That field does not exist! Please select a valid field to edit.
```

## Adding content

This function works with the create function to add new tasks to tasks.json file.
